On the contrary, you have a good relationship with President Nalan
Quickly explain to President Nalan
This is about the only thing your dad ever did
Can it be achieved
Mom knows you have the best relationship with your dad
Your dad
The only wish in this life
It is to enable Lin's Group to leave Zhongzhou
Winning Building
Now the opportunity is right in front of you
Don't miss it!
Hey mom, you may have forgotten one thing.
Just before President Nalan came
You personally announced my removal
Family council assumes identity
Evicted from the forest
The old woman wants to move out of her father
Go and have your spring and autumn dreams
In the future, Lin's Group will definitely win the Great Xia
But it had nothing to do with you then
The Lin Group can only be surnamed Lin forever
What? You want Mr. Lin to evict him?
What the hell is going on?
It's over, what are you talking about?
Mr. Song, I think I made it very clear yesterday
The cooperation between my Zhengzhou Chamber of Commerce and your Lin's Group
Only work with Mr. Lin
Are you turning a deaf ear to what I said?